yo momma's so poor, she goes to KFc and licks other people's fingers!
yo momma's so stupid, she tripped over her cordless phone!
yo momma's so stupid, she gave your uncle a blowjob to help his unemployment!
yo momma's so fat, i saw the back of her neck and thought i was in a library!
yo momma's so ugly when she walks into taco bell everyone runs for the border!
yo momma's so fat she's protected by Green Peace!
yo momma's so fat she uses a VcR for a pager!
yo momma's so stupid it takes her an hour to cook minute rice!
yo momma's like a doorknob: everyone gets a turn
yo momma's so stupid she sold her car for gas money!
yo momma's so fat her nickname is DAMN!!
yo momma's so ugly, animals at the zoo feed her!
yo momma's ass is so fat that when she backs up, it makes bEEP bEEP noises!
i would have been your father but the damn dog beat me over the fence!
yo momma's so fat her nickname is "DAMN"
yo momma's so fat people jog around her for exercise
yo momma's so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
yo momma's so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
yo momma's so fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
yo momma's so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
yo momma's so fat when she has sex, she has to give directions!
yo momma's so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell "taxi!"
yo momma's so fat she had to go to sea World to get baptized
yo momma's so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
yo momma's so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
yo momma's so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide turn"
yo momma's so fat when she sits on my face i can't hear the stereo.
yo momma's so fat she fell in love and broke it.
yo momma's so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
yo momma's so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock.
yo momma's so fat she's got her own area code!
yo momma's so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
yo momma's so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
yo momma's so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
yo momma's so fat even bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
yo momma's so fat when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
yo momma's so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views!
yo momma's so fat she's on both sides of the family!
yo momma's so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
yo momma's so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
yo momma's so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans!
yo momma's so fat that when i tried to drive around her i ran out of gas.
yo momma's so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
yo momma's so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
yo momma's so fat sets off car alarms when she walks.
yo momma's so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
yo momma's so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
yo momma's so fat the National Weather Agency has to assign names to her farts!!!
yo momma's so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
yo momma's so stupid when she saw the Nc- sign, she went home and got friends
yo momma's so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
yo momma's so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
yo momma's so stupid you have to dig for her iQ!
yo momma's so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
yo momma's so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
yo momma's so stupid she could trip over a cordless phone!
yo momma's so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
yo momma's so stupid she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
yo momma's so stupid she asked you "What is the number for 911"
yo momma's so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out.
yo momma's so stupid she stole free bread.
yo momma's so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl.
yo momma's so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
yo momma's so stupid she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
yo momma's so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
yo momma's so stupid she sits on the tV, and watches the couch!
yo momma's so stupid that she thought boyz ii Men was a day care center.
yo momma's so stupid she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
yo momma's so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
yo momma's so stupid she watches "the three stooges" and takes notes.
yo momma's so ugly she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
yo momma's so ugly they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
yo momma's so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
yo momma's so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for halloween.
yo momma's so ugly her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
yo momma's so ugly the government moved halloween to her birthday.
yo momma's so ugly that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
yo momma's so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
yo momma's so ugly she made an onion cry.
yo momma's so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
yo momma's so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
yo momma's so ugly the NhL banned her for life
yo momma's so ugly she scares the roaches away.
yo momma's so old i told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
yo momma's so old she has Jesus' beeper number!
yo momma's so old her social security number is 1!
yo momma's so old that when God said let the be light, she hit the switch'
yo momma's so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
yo momma's so old she's in Jesus's yearbook!
yo momma's so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
yo momma's so old her birth certificate says expired on it.
yo momma's so old she knew burger King while he was still a prince.
yo momma's so old she owes Jesus a nickel.
yo momma's so old she was a waitress at the Last supper.
yo momma's so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
yo momma's so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
yo momma's so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade.
yo momma's so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
yo momma's so poor when i ring the doorbell i hear the toilet flush!
yo momma's so poor when i ring the doorbell she says,"DiNG!"
yo momma's so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
yo momma's so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
yo momma's so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
yo momma's so short she poses for trophies!
yo momma's so short you can see her feet on her drivers lisence!
yo momma's so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
yo momma's so nasty she gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh!
yo momma's so nasty she made speed stick slow down.
yo momma's so nasty she brings crabs to the beach
yo momma's so nasty she made right guard turn left.
yo momma's so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave
yo momma's so nasty she has to creep up on bathwater.
yo momma's so nasty that her shit is glad to escape.
yo momma's like potato chips-- Fri-to Lay
yo momma's like a screen door, after a couple bangs she tends to loosen up!
yo momma's like the pillbury doughboy - everyone gets a poke!
yo momma's like a doorknob - everyone gets a turn!
yo momma's like a t.V. set, even a three year old can turn her on!
yo momma's like a bus, fifty cents and she's ready to ride!
yo momma's like a golf course, everyone GEts a hole in one!
yo momma's like the railway system, she gets laid all over the country!
yo momma's like a shotgun: one cock and she blows!
yo momma's like a hardware store: 4 cents a screw!
yo momma's like Domino's pizza-- something for nothing
yo momma's like cake mix, servings per package!
yo momma's like a bus: Guys climb on and off her all day long.
yo momma's like a toyota: "Oh what a feelin'!"
yo momma's like Orange crush: "Good Vibrations!"
yo momma's like a bubble-gum machine... five cents a blow.
yo momma's like chinese food: sour and cheap!
yo momma's so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
yo momma's so hairy she's got afros on her nipples!
yo momma's so hairy she look like she got buckwheat in a headlock.
yo momma's so hairy bigfoot is taking her picture!
yo momma's so slutty she could suck-start a harley!
yo momma's so slutty she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball!
yo momma's so slutty she had her own "hands across her ass" charity drive
yo momma's so slutty she blind and seeing another man.
yo momma's so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!
yo momma's so greasy she sweats crisco!
yo momma's so greasy texaco buys Oil from her
yo momma teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles!
yo momma teeth are so yellow she spits butter!
yo momma's so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
yo momma's so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex.
yo momma's so bald you can see whats on her mind
yo momma's so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
yo momma's so flat she's jealous of the wall!
yo momma's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
yo momma got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tounge is in jail.
yo momma wears knee-pads and yells "curb service!"
yo momma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!
yo momma aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!
yo momma lips so big, chap stick had to invent a spray.
you were born out of your mother's ass 'cos her cunt was too busy.
yo momma's so wrinkled, she can to screw her hat on.
yo momma twice the man you are.
yo momma cross-eyed and watches tV in stereo.
yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past 9.
yo momma mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound.
yo momma breath smell so bad when she yawns her teeth duck.
yo momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
yo momma house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
yo momma house so dirty roaches ride around on dune buggies!
yo momma house so dirty she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
